c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\GradeSystem.dll.config
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\GradeSystem.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\GradeSystem.pdb
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\obj\Debug\GradeSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\obj\Debug\GradeSystem.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\obj\Debug\GradeSystem.pdb
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.Bootstrappers.StructureMap.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.xml
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.xml
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.xml
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ac-mi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GradeSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\GradeSystem.dll.config
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\GradeSystem.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\GradeSystem.pdb
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.Bootstrappers.StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\obj\Debug\GradeSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\obj\Debug\GradeSystem.dll
C:\Users\milad.anaee\GitRep\GradingSystem\GradeSystem\obj\Debug\GradeSystem.pdb
